Update exchange-rate-canister.mdx (#2736)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/defi/exchange-rate-canister.mdx

An **asset** is a record consisting of a symbol (such as "ICP") and a class (either 'Cryptocurrency' or 'FiatCurrency'). The base and quote asset can be any combination of cryptocurrency and fiat currency assets, such as ICP/USD, USD/EUR, BTC/ICP, etc. The timestamp parameter enables the functionality for historic rates to be requested. If no timestamp is provided, the exchange rate for the current time is returned by default.

#### Aggregation

> The XRC calculates exchange rates using a unique aggregation method that selects a specific moment's data from exchanges, avoiding conventional time (TWAP) or volume-weighted (VWAP) techniques. It can derive complex rates (e.g., A/B from A/C and B/C rates) and, when direct pairs exist, it chooses the median rate after filtering. This approach ensures accuracy, timeliness, and minimizes manipulation risks, providing reliable rate information for decentralized applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The XRC calculates exchange rates using a unique aggregation method that combines candlestick chart data for specific one-minute intervals from various exchanges, avoiding conventional time (TWAP) or volume-weighted (VWAP) techniques. It can further derive rates for pairs that are not traded themselves (e.g., A/B from available A/C and B/C rates). After collecting, combining, and filtering rates, the median rate is returned. This approach ensures accuracy, timeliness, and minimizes manipulation risks, providing reliable rate information for decentralized applications.
```
